Hi, guys.
Walker In this lecture, we're going to call this functional card fetch paradox.
Okay.
But before then, over here, we had made a mistake.
Now, what we can just do is we can get rid of this for now and then say ten dots.
Zero.
Okay.
Harder to recover.
Now, you're going to need to make sure all your fields over here are what you have.
Over here.
You're going to get the backstage area.
Okay.
Now you're going to need to call this super.
But before then, we're going to need to change the image source.
Okay.
To do this, we're going to need to go first to the fields and use the assets.
Image is going to be a network image.
Right because we are currently fetching for a rare the Internet.
Okay.
As well.
I didn't need to do that for the design for each put up as well.
Okay.
That's I think already I've done that.
You need to have that.
Okay.
I'm just going to do it again.
That's work.
Image.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing now is to.
Okay, so now this.
Now.
Okay.
The next thing to do is to call the function.
We're going to call this function.
Okay.
Just think how to.
Save this fire as well.
Okay.
We're going to call this function in our main screen.
So it's going to become available in all the flies.
Okay.
We're going to call this in the home screen.
Now what we can't just do is on screen.
Okay.
I think we just need to copy.
That.
Okay.
From the field screen and.
I think we need to copy this.
Archer and B and.
We dived as you can't just tap.
It's okay.
Go to the on screen.
And PCs here.
Okay.
Now we have access to that function we just created.
First of all, you're going to need to import this.
Okay.
Import this.
And now you can see on school projects.
Provider.
Start.
Fetch.
Okay.
I think.
Isn't this.
That's fence.
Products.
Okay.
Currently we have nothing.
We have no products.
Right.
Okay, now let's try two or three studies.
Okay.
And.
Check it out and see.
The product is now available.
Okay.
It is not okay.
Let's go check if we have any errors.
Okay.
Check.
We got no, Haras.
Probably we are calling this in the wrong thigh.
Okay.
It was the check as well for the fields.
You can see we have the products here, but we don't have it.
Okay, okay, okay.
Okay.
I think it's currently available, but we have to go to a page.
We didn't know how to start this and make sure everything is working as planned.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
It's going to take some time.
Okay.
I think.
Okay, click on this and go back.
Okay.
I think the reason for this is we are calling this in the wrong.
For the so in the wrong I think we should call this and the bottom.
Number.
Five, see?
Okay.
This I think these are our first screenshots.
All our widgets, all via.
Okay.
Culture and the arts.
And.
And I just had this.
You see?
Okay.
Just starts.
And see the part that's going to be available with with AK.
Okay.
Go back to this.
Come back.
Okay.
I think the paradox is all the valuable and fit screen.
Right.
And I think is.
I think his work in us is better.
Okay.
We started this.
Is Oliver in this play that was in the full screen?
Okay, so what we can just do is we can just simply copy this.
And then go to the design for each product and then.
Well, you're going to need to pay this.
Okay.
You know how to start this and see.
But you start in.
Okay.
Now you can see, Karen, you are fetching the product from the Italian.
I think for some reasons it is not available at that time.
Okay.
I'm just gonna look for a way to fill that up or probably is okay.
I don't know.
But was going to look for a way to figure that out.
Okay.
Now let's check if everything is working correctly.
I think I'm having some network issues.
So that's why that product is not been.
This may.
Okay.
So the check for the field as well.
Lucky guy seen in this lecture.